README.md, before:

btce-bot
========

NOTE: This is NOT a library of ready-made bots; it's a library that (hopefully)
makes it easier to write your own bot, because you won't have to fuss with
a bunch of low-level grunt work.  It's still a work in progress, so if you'd
like something implemented please feel free to ask for it!

This library provides a simple framework for building trading bots for the 
BTC-e.com exchange site.  So that you don't have to spend your time chasing
down wacky dependencies, it depends only on my btce-api library:

    https://github.com/alanmcintyre/btce-api
    
and the following standard libraries that are "batteries included" with a
Python 2.7 installation: 

    datetime, decimal, threading, time

NOTE: BTC-e is not affiliated with this project.  Use at your own risk.

If you find the library useful and would like to donate (and many thanks to 
those that have donated!), please send some coins here:

    LTC LatrKXtfw66LQUURrxBzCE7cxFc9Sv8FWf
    BTC 16vnh6gwFYLGneBa8JUk7NaXpEt3Qojqs1
    DOGE 5jNqRjwxhDZT4hkG8yoGkseP576smjyNx

If you are completely new to Python and/or programming, you should probably
look here to get started:

    https://github.com/alanmcintyre/btce-bot/wiki/Getting-started

Commit message:

Updates to use the most recent btce-api code. Updated copyright information.

README.md, after:

btce-bot
========

NOTE: An update to use the most recent [btce-api library](https://github.com/codereclaimers/btce-api)
is in progress. Until this is complete much of the code here will not work. 

NOTE: This is NOT a library of ready-made bots; it's a library that (hopefully)
makes it easier to write your own bot, because you won't have to fuss with
a bunch of low-level grunt work.  It's still a work in progress, so if you'd
like something implemented please feel free to ask for it!

This library provides a simple framework for building trading bots for the 
BTC-e.com exchange site.  So that you don't have to spend your time chasing
down wacky dependencies, it depends only on the Python standard library and 
the [btce-api library](https://github.com/codereclaimers/btce-api).    

NOTE: BTC-e is not affiliated with this project.  Use at your own risk.

If you find the library useful and would like to donate (and many thanks to 
those that have donated!), please send some coins here:

    LTC LatrKXtfw66LQUURrxBzCE7cxFc9Sv8FWf
    BTC 16vnh6gwFYLGneBa8JUk7NaXpEt3Qojqs1
    DOGE 5jNqRjwxhDZT4hkG8yoGkseP576smjyNx

If you are completely new to Python and/or programming, you should probably
look here to get started:

    https://github.com/alanmcintyre/btce-bot/wiki/Getting-started
